Revise secrets inventory reporting documentation for 1.21.2 (#1710)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/hcp-docs/content/docs/vault/secrets-inventory.mdx

1. Click **Create cluster**.

Once the cluster is up and running, you can start storing secrets.
## Enable Reporting on existing clusters 

To enable reporting on existing clusters, select the 'Enable Reporting' option when editing the configuration of an existing cluster. This will scan the Vault cluster and collect telemetry about current state of Vault to populate the secret inventory report. 
# Note that this scanning will not work for certificates in the cluster. It is recommended that reporting be enabled for certificates at the outset of certificate cluster creation. Alternatively if certificates already exist, reporting should be enabled for that cluster and allowed to soak for 60 days before beginning to use the reporting functionality so that it is populated with certificates. 

> Scanning can take up to 2 hours depending on the size of the cluster and will be in an updating state where reporting is not accessible while scanning. There will be a column titled **Scanned At** which denotes the date and time a secret was scanned and its telemetry data added to the reporting service.

Reviewer: In the UI we no longer have a "Scanned At" column. Instead, we show that the secret was created before certain date.

1. Log into the [HCP Portal](https://portal.cloud.hashicorp.com/).

1. Navigate to the HCP project you want to create an HCP Vault Dedicated cluster
   in.

1. Select **Vault Dedicated**, and click on the cluster you want to enable reporting for.

> 1. Click on Manage and from the dropdown menu, select the **Edit Congiguration** option. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Click on **Manage**, and select the **Edit configuration** option from the drop-down menu. 
```

1. Select **Secrets Inventory**.
   ![Secrets inventory reporting dashboard example](/img/docs/vault/ui-secrets-reporting-dashboard.png)

   You can filter the data using the saved views. Also, you can order the `Last

>    accessed` and `Last modified` timestamps in ascending or descending dates. 

Author: Thanks for catching - Valid from and revoked at are the other columns which can be reordered by ascending or descending dates, that has been updated
